{'chosen_topic': 'Romaine lettuce', 'persona': 'i can t stand salads.', 'wizard_eval': 4, 'dialog': [{'speaker': '0_Apprentice', 'text': 'I do not care for romaine lettuce at all.', 'candidate_responses': ['Interesting.  I have never heard of him.  Was the show critically acclaimed?', 'I love pizza also. What are your favorite toppings?', "I think it's bacterial, you know you have it when the rash becomes present, eww!", 'I think they originated in Nam Dinh province of Vietnam.', "Not personally, but it seems like an interesting place. If you go there you're also very close to Germany as it borders Denmark, so you can visit two countries very easily!", "Yes - like not wearing leather or eating honey, for example. No exploitation of animals at all. I'm just dietary, myself.", 'That is what the government needs to look into', 'Hi! That is very interesting, how long have you been studying how to improve orphanages?', 'She has, she is very multi-talented: singer, songwriter, actress and businesswoman.  I am very impressed with her!', "I agree. Even if we don't have our biological family alive we always can meet friends who become our family.", 'Those are amazing, they definitley help me stay awake', 'In 2016 there were over 8.5 m illion people in new york city. that is alot of people, Im not sure how far that is from syracuse though', 'Blue is such a beautiful color', 'I was Boogieboarding last week. Took the kids.', 'The avengers franchise is that old. They were created by none other than Stan Lee and Jack Kirby. Their first appearance was in Avenger #1.', 'Its a comedy group which has John Cleese in it who co-founded it.', 'What countries are neighbors to China?', 'I loved the show as well who was your favorite?', 'My favorite is pasta with clams and clam sauce. I like it better the next day when the pasta absorbs all the saucy goodness.', "I'm learning kite boarding now. I'm not very good but it's a good way to spend time on the water when their are no waves.", 'The Colosseum and the Vatican museums come to mind. I would like to visit myself.', 'No people should know current election only', "It's also the name of cities in Ontario and Illinois. My favorite Woodstock, though, is the cartoon bird from the Peanuts comic.", 'yea wow it is so old', 'There are differences between piano manufacturers. The most famous is probablay Steinway & Sons, founded in Manhattan in 1853.', 'i like to read books on literacy, actually. go figure, reading about reading and writing.', 'Not only is the port one of the largest, but the city itself is the largest city in both the state of Washington AND the Pacific Northwest.', "I haven't. Is it a nice play to live or visit?", 'Definitely! I would love to see the Tower of London and Big Ben', "No, I'm too shy to.  However, I could use them to make  shirts.", 'Oh i love target, great store.', 'That sounds excellent. Where did it originate?', 'yeah cool. what is required to be a video game designer?', 'I do not care for romaine lettuce at all.', 'how do they work without motors?', 'Hey. Kintergarten is usually the first experience kids have  with schooling. They play, sing, draw, and get their basic skills for schooling from it.', "My favorite songs from the king of Latin Pop are Heart Attack and Somebody's Me.", 'Good not to make the same mistakes. The well-being factor of marriage is quite a big one related to happiness, and overall quality of life.', "You should! The novel revolves around the importance of marrying for love instead of money, even though money would make everyone's lives more comfortable. I think that's still an issue in today's society!", "I can't believe it has been out that long. That was the year my oldest son was born. 21 years ago.", 'It powers many of the iphones, ipads and ipod touches.', 'Hey! I really like Yoga. What about you?', 'hello how are you? are you aware of the obesity epidemic in the united states?', 'Yes, me too.  There is nothing like New York stret food though.  You can pick up a hot dog while you are walking down the sidewalk.  What were you saying about pizza?', 'Yes they still have events! Ranging from quintet to septet, the band is known for its unique and eclectic style, which fused elements of rock, psychedelia, experimental music, and modal jazz', 'I just have a few friends and want to impress this boy...', 'Wow!  That is an insane amount of people.Have you been to Syracuse?', 'Wow.  I wish I was artistic like that.  What kind of cartoons do you draw?', "That's a lot of fun. If I ever get a cycle I will have to look into that. Do you have a Harley or another type of bike?", "Now you're sppeaking my language! A good marinara with garlic and onions is the fast lane to flavor town! ", 'Which university?', 'Yes, but in 1997, they rebranded themselves as the Wizards', 'uhm im not sure i can only hold mine for about 15 seconds.', "I don't but would love to if you convince me about it :)", 'No its a resin secreted by the female lac bug, on trees in the forests in india and thailand', "Oh yeah, I hear it on the radio all the time! I don't know if I've had a white Christmas before unfortunately.", "I like him a lot, I think he's genuine because he can do anything. He was in dumb and dumber and had a little different role in liar liar", "That's so cool, here in FL they are EVERYWHERE. You have to really worry about them digging up your yard after rains.", 'I usually follow the NBA but I know a lot of former NBA player go over to play in the European Basketball league.', 'Who knew! What about nachos?  Do they have nachos with guacamole?', 'They are nice dogs and good around children, but they will eat you into the poorhouse.', 'Really? Why was it called that? ', 'I think that they can be useful and offer a great deal of utility. I think that they are probably one of the premiere trucks.', 'I meant the production stages not the freezing ', 'Yes, some can be pretty expensive though, especially the art ones', 'Since last checked it sits around 3.4 million people on the island', 'Huge fan of the Steelers. Whats you favorite sports team?', 'Not sure, I know Ford, GM and Chrsyler are know as the Big Three.', 'I agree.  I much prefer their trucks over their cars.', 'yes we watch it on NBC.', "That it really lucky! I'm glad you made it through alright. A lot of people didn't. ", 'I hate that  The term ESL has been seen by some to indicate English would be of secondary importance.', 'So Chicago Bears is you favorite football team?', 'That is unfortunate.  I bet there are still great ones out in California though.', '25 according to Wiki: Tupac Amaru Shakur ( ) (born Lesane Parish Crooks; June 16, 1971 - September 13, 1996). Crazy young. ', 'From the Middle Ages, beetroot was used as a treatment for a variety of conditions, especially illnesses relating to digestion and the blood .', 'What kind of items can you grill?', 'The aquarium craze was launched in early victorian England ', 'What were the first novels about?', 'That is interesting. Did Les Paul play in a famous band?', 'Pigs have also gotten farmed just for the sole purpose of disposing of municipal garbage at the largest scale', 'When did he first start gaining notoriety?', 'The pros are great. Some of their skills with the knife and the spice are excellent.', 'Humans can actually hold their breath underwater and swim with basic moves within weeks of birth', "I see. So it's more a philosophical position rather than a strict diet.", "I didn't know that... I wonder if it was natural, or if they used hair dye to color it. Nowadays, hair coloring is so popular. Have you ever colored your hair?", 'No - what is whittling knives?', "Ha, yes, it's great to put that to work. Plus swimming is also an important survival skill to have. I believe everyone should know how to swim. ", 'Ive really wanted to go camping for the first time but I have no clue what to do or what to bring, do you know anything about camping? ', 'Do you think people way back then could have seen a giant or really big mountain goat and thought it was a horse with a horn?', 'Golden retrievers are amazing dogs. Probably one of the most trustworthy breeds of dogs out there.', 'Yes that is why it is a common salad green, and is the usual lettuce used in Caesar salad.', "Yeah, they're pretty good. They get a lot of loyal fans - their stadium holds more than 77,000 people!", 'What toppings do you usually like on your pizza?', 'The clear daytime sky and the deep sea appear blue because of an optical effect known as Rayleigh scattering', 'I like jazz! Who are some singers in the grateful dead?', 'Toyota has a rich history of great vehicles and good engineering. I own a Lexus, myself.', 'I have heard that there are hygenic problems with tattoos. Are they safe to get?', 'Spin classes are my favorite! It looks like they have that class too!', 'OK what more do you know?'], 'retrieved_passages': [{'Lettuce': ['Lettuce ("Lactuca sativa") is an annual plant of the daisy family, Asteraceae.', 'It is most often grown as a leaf vegetable, but sometimes for its stem and seeds.', 'Lettuce is most often used for salads, although it is also seen in other kinds of food, such as soups, sandwiches and wraps; it can also be grilled.', 'One variety, the " (), or asparagus lettuce (celtuce), is grown for its stems, which are eaten either raw or cooked.', 'In addition to its main use as a leafy green, it has also gathered religious and medicinal significance over centuries of human consumption.', 'Europe and North America originally dominated the market for lettuce, but by the late 20th century the consumption of lettuce had spread throughout the world.']}, {'Romaine lettuce': ['Romaine or cos lettuce is a variety of lettuce ("Lactuca sativa" L. var.', '"longifolia") that grows in a tall head of sturdy leaves with firm ribs down their centers.', 'Unlike most lettuces, it is tolerant of heat.', 'In British English, it is commonly known as "cos lettuce", and in North America as "romaine" lettuce.', 'Many dictionaries trace the word "cos" to the name of the Greek island of Cos, from which the lettuce was presumably introduced.', 'Other authorities trace "cos" to the Arabic word for lettuce, "" .', 'It apparently reached the West via Rome, as in Italian it is called "lattuga romana" and in French "", both meaning \'Roman lettuce\', hence the name \'romaine\', the common term in North American English.']}, {'2012 Oregon State Beavers football team': ['The 2012 Oregon State Beavers football team represented Oregon State University during the 2012 NCAA Division I FBS football season.', "The team's head coach was Mike Riley, in his tenth straight season and twelfth overall.", 'Home games were played at Reser Stadium in Corvallis, and they were members of the North Division of the Pac-12 Conference.', 'The Beavers finished the season 9–4 and 6–3 in Pac-12 play; third place in the North Division and fourth overall.', 'They were invited to the Alamo Bowl and were defeated by the Texas Longhorns.', 'Oregon State finished the 2011 season with a record of 3–9, 3–6 in Pac-12 play, placing 5th place in the North Division.']}, {'Green iguana in captivity': ['The Green Iguana ("Iguana iguana") has become popular in the pet trade – over 800,000 animals were imported into the United States alone during 1995, primarily originating from captive farming operations based in their native countries (Honduras, El Salvador, Colombia, and Panama).', 'They can live to be 20 years old.', 'In 1998 a National Iguana Awareness Day (NIAD) was established to discourage consumers from viewing iguanas as "disposable pets".', 'Despite the low cost and "mass market" appeal of these animals they are demanding to care for properly over the course of their lifetimes.', 'More often than not, diet, lighting, and other housing conditions for green iguana are inadequate (in a major way) causing 70% of green iguanas in captivity to die within their first year of life.']}, {'Lettuce soup': ['Lettuce soup is a soup prepared with lettuce as a primary ingredient.', 'It may be prepared with myriad lettuces and other ingredients, and some lettuce soups may use several cultivars of lettuce in their preparation.', 'It is a part of French cuisine and Chinese cuisine.', 'Cream of lettuce soup is a type of lettuce soup prepared using milk or cream.', 'The soup may be served with toast or rolls as a side dish or with the soup atop them.', 'It may be served as an appetizer, a side dish or as a main dish, and may be served hot or cold.', 'Lettuce is a primary ingredient, and several types of lettuce can be used, such as butter lettuce, cos lettuce, Boston lettuce, romaine lettuce, green leaf lettuce and iceberg lettuce, among others.']}, {'Maror': ['Maror ( "mārôr") or Marror refers to the bitter herbs eaten at the Passover Seder in keeping with the biblical commandment "with bitter herbs they shall eat it."', '(Exodus 12:8).', 'In some listings of the 613 commandments, such as the "Minchat Chinuch", the biblical obligation to consume "maror" is included within the commandment to consume the meat of the sacrificial Paschal offering.', 'Ever since the Paschal offering ceased to exist with the destruction of the Temple in Jerusalem in 70 CE, the obligation to consume "maror" on the first night of Passover has been rabbinical in nature.', 'The only two biblical reference to the "maror" is the verse quoted above (Exodus 12:8) in which it is mentioned in reference to the offering, and in Numbers 9:11 where "They are to eat the lamb, together with the unleavened bread and bitter herbs".']}, {'Chinese chicken salad': ['Chinese chicken salad is a salad with chopped chicken; therein, flavored with and styled by Chinese culinary ingredients and techniques that are both common and popularly adapted in parts of the United States.', 'Though many variations exist, common features of most Chinese chicken salads contain: cut romaine lettuce and cabbage (or other lettuce); chicken (typically breast meat); deep-fried wonton (cut dough skins) or rice vermicelli; and nuts (sliced almonds, cashews or peanuts).', 'A basic vinaigrette for the salad includes ingredients like vegetable oil, sesame oil, rice vinegar (or citrus juice); plus, optional seasonings such as dry hot mustard, sesame seeds, coriander and raw ginger or pickled ginger.']}], 'retrieved_topics': ['Lettuce', 'Romaine lettuce', '2012 Oregon State Beavers football team', 'Green iguana in captivity', 'Lettuce soup', 'Maror', 'Chinese chicken salad']}, {'speaker': '1_Wizard', 'text': 'Why but i like the fact that  it is tolerant of heat,  Unlike most lettuces', 'checked_sentence': {'chosen_Romaine_lettuce_0': 'Unlike most lettuces, it is tolerant of heat.'}, 'checked_passage': {'chosen_topic_0_Romaine_lettuce': 'Romaine lettuce'}, 'candidate_responses': ['Italian dishes like pasta are so classic.  They were developed through centuries and can be traced all the way back to antiquity.', 'Yeah no problem, New York is my favorite of the two. I wish it was not so cold though.', 'Indeed. I think it is our moral obligation to feel empathy for all living beings', 'No, my main approach has been working with an inncer critic psychotherapists.', 'No, metal just has more stability.', 'i have a few but i guess Daisy Johnson is my favorite  ', 'That is so beautiful, humans really are a marvelous species. Jabbawockee is a group that do choreographed dance, I believe I spelled their name wrong though.', 'Good analogy.  You have a great point.  ', 'Do you know any of the other reasons how they could prove why they are seeking a divorce?', "I don't, isn't it inhumane to get leather? At least that's what I've been told", 'Well, his major power is superhuman speed.', 'Same menu all day:  burgers, fries, and shakes.', 'yes i also like the candy take 5 i havent had it in years but last i remember it was good.', 'It is hard to avoid sometimes. It is on the internet and in every grocery store. It can be diagnosed as clinical pathological gambling.', "That's the study of bones, right?", 'Violin is one of the best instruments out there, better than the fiddle in my opinion.', 'You should give them a little running room. The Labrador is one of the most popular breeds of dog in Canada today!', 'That is true. Vegans are known to live long and healthy lives.', 'When people think of beef, they think of just steak. But there is certain sections from which steaks and subdivisions are cut from. For example, rib eye and chuck roast.', 'They were established in the year of 1995', ' i am also', 'My family wants me to go to Rome with them.  I hate to look like a tourist, though.', 'Wow and how long have they been around?', 'I am talking about soccer!!!In United States is getting more popular these days,specially since the 1994 World Cup was held ', 'I suppose you are right, but i like a show with a plot that moves forward, like Goliath with Billy Bob Thornton.  Seen it?', 'What is the difference between a family farm and a corporate farm?', 'They are currently signed with Pure Noise Records.', 'My brother got divorced a few years ago and he had to pay money, I never knew it cost anything to get a divorce!', "No we are not.  I have meds from my doctor.  I just take when it gets real bad, don't want to be a pill popper.  lol.  Maybe I'll try a hot bath, never heard of that, but makes sense.  ", 'Yes, it appears that they live a life of relative easy and stress free.  We should all be so lucky', "Yeah - mine's an older model. I prefer the styling", 'It really is! t is used in many Mediterranean, Balkan, and Middle Eastern cuisines', 'Well some say 14, 700 years and others have even argued 36,000 years! Blows my mind!', 'Why but i like the fact that  it is tolerant of heat,  Unlike most lettuces', 'I like lizards, we had an Iguana years ago, do you like them?', 'I just have a few friends and want to impress this boy...', 'wow! thats a long period,any other info?', 'Yes I do!  And apparently many others do too!  A 2009 study shows that skateboarding has an estimated revenue of 4.8 billion dollars!', 'Yup, today it is a famed resort town due to its climate.', 'Well, that is a pretty cool job! I bet it take a large amount of work to do?', 'Yes they still have events! Ranging from quintet to septet, the band is known for its unique and eclectic style, which fused elements of rock, psychedelia, experimental music, and modal jazz', 'I like chocolate too! My favorite is white chocolate and cacao powder for drinks', 'I love cheese! Pizza hut is my favorite brand. How do you eat pizza without cheese?', "She was. The Agatha Christie's Poirot pilot was adapted by Clive Exton and Brian Eastman. ", "I had no clue muslims don't eat swine.  More  than 1 billion pigs are butchered each year.  100 million butchered in the USA.", 'Oh I have to know why. I would like to know how to do this puzzle.', "I really love the special investigation pieces! They've actually won over 120 Pulitzer prizes?", 'Yeah i still think coal is better. and you got to have a smokers', "I enjoy it too, there's so many different methods to cook you can really experiment. Recently I've been trying to learn how to bake in various types of ovens.", 'I am not sure, good question! ', 'what share of the market for beer did they capture ?', "That's my plan!  It does affect any vacation plans since flying is out of the question - boat, car or train are my only options!", 'I have.  At my wedding and many others that I have attended.', "I love cooking, but I'm bad at it lol.", 'An acoustic guitar is a guitar that produces sound acoustically', 'What type housing did the government provide for you? What did you have to do to qualify?', "Well we definitely got our money's worth, but it was so long just to get out there, and it was cold.", "It's all so fun and makes me feel so warm and cozy all the time. I also love the cold temperatures a lot more than the warm summers over here.", 'no I have never been but would like to visit one of these days', 'i like to go fishing, i wish i can go more often', "I have! It is an epic historical romance film, adapted from Margaret Mitchell's 1936 novel! ", 'A convertable evolved from a car that an open vehicle without glass side windows that sometimes had removable panels  ', 'My favorite is penne alla vodka, but the heavy cream makes it so fattening!', 'I love watching cartoons, which is a type of 2 dimensional illustration that is usually animated.', 'Sure, they line up behind the line of scrimmage, hence their name. They are the backup of the line.', 'They are round and grow in shells. There is a sphere that is the goober and a small piece on top called the groundnut', 'Hi,what do you know about big farming? ', 'Was it named that because the first settlers there were Greek?', 'i love sushi', 'The original members were Jerry Garcia, Bob Weir, Ron "Pigpen" Mckernan, Phil Lesh and Bill Kreutzmann. The only one I have ever heard of was Garcia! lol', 'Child rearing is the process of supporting the physical, emotional and intellectual development of the child from infancy onwards. I think he means it intuitive.', 'I love pitbulls. I also have a pikagnese Pomeranian. I just bought him a bow tie at the pet store.', 'Djokovic or Nadal?', 'Oh, I see. They seem to have had a lot of names over the years! They even started out as the Chicago Zephyrs', 'The Spanish brought it to Europe in the 16th century after discovering it from their contact with the Aztec peoples', 'What is the city population?', 'It is really good to know that Autonomous cars must have control systems that are capable of analyzing sensory data to distinguish between different cars.', 'haha thats pretty heavy', 'They may be known for the hamburgers, but they also sell cheesburers, chicken products french fries and breakfast items.', 'That is so cool! Drawing can be such an expressive tool used in any part of life, like temporary drawings on a blackboard or whiteboard', 'No ,when were they founded?', 'Neapolitan Pizza is a simple pizza from Naples that must be made with San Marzano tomatoes and Mozzarella di Bufala Campana. So fancy!', 'Yes, I do. I used to own a Kawasaki or a two wheeled bike before I had kids.', "I don't know if it is dangerous. I just thought they had long hours and often fell asleep at the wheel. I do know that trucks go faster than they should on the road.", 'No I dont drink much coffee just tea', 'oh wow, i would have never guessed. Any specific island?', 'yes.  we try and plant milkweed to help them feed', 'It can be traced to the late 8th and late 11th centuries', 'Cool! You sure know your stuff about country music!', 'oh, sounds like a good school then', 'They might, just as they might hire an outside economist to study the economy.  Finance has been called the study of money management.  Is this starting to get a little clearer?', "Nickleback was huge during the early 2000's.  I haven't heard anything from them in awhile.", "Nice, Glad to hear you haven't had a wreck . So you're pretty happy with your coverage?", 'Do you have any statistics about divorce?', "Surprisingly, for being the largest city in both the state of Washington and the PNW region of North America, it didn't feel crowded like New York City would. ", 'yea both are great colors', 'I dont know anyone with a Bachelors in nursing.', 'oooo my parents have 5 children yes the world has changed', 'shakespeare was such talented artist.', 'Well, here you met the first one.'], 'retrieved_passages': [{'Lettuce': ['Lettuce ("Lactuca sativa") is an annual plant of the daisy family, Asteraceae.', 'It is most often grown as a leaf vegetable, but sometimes for its stem and seeds.', 'Lettuce is most often used for salads, although it is also seen in other kinds of food, such as soups, sandwiches and wraps; it can also be grilled.', 'One variety, the " (), or asparagus lettuce (celtuce), is grown for its stems, which are eaten either raw or cooked.', 'In addition to its main use as a leafy green, it has also gathered religious and medicinal significance over centuries of human consumption.', 'Europe and North America originally dominated the market for lettuce, but by the late 20th century the consumption of lettuce had spread throughout the world.']}, {'Romaine lettuce': ['Romaine or cos lettuce is a variety of lettuce ("Lactuca sativa" L. var.', '"longifolia") that grows in a tall head of sturdy leaves with firm ribs down their centers.', 'Unlike most lettuces, it is tolerant of heat.', 'In British English, it is commonly known as "cos lettuce", and in North America as "romaine" lettuce.', 'Many dictionaries trace the word "cos" to the name of the Greek island of Cos, from which the lettuce was presumably introduced.', 'Other authorities trace "cos" to the Arabic word for lettuce, "" .', 'It apparently reached the West via Rome, as in Italian it is called "lattuga romana" and in French "", both meaning \'Roman lettuce\', hence the name \'romaine\', the common term in North American English.']}, {'Mesclun': ['Mesclun () is a salad mix of assorted small, young salad green leaves, which originated in Provence, France.', "The traditional mix usually includes chervil, arugula, leafy lettuces and endive, while the term may also refer to an undetermined mix of fresh and available baby salad greens, which may include lettuces, spinach, arugula (rocket, or roquette), Swiss chard (silver beet), mustard, endive, dandelion, frisée, mizuna, mâche (lamb's lettuce), radicchio, sorrel, or other leaf vegetables.", 'The name comes from the Provençal, "mesclum", derived from the verb "mesclar", to "mix thoroughly," and literally means, "mixture."']}, {'Passive solar building design': ['In passive solar building design, windows, walls, and floors are made to collect, store, and distribute solar energy in the form of heat in the winter and reject solar heat in the summer.', 'This is called passive solar design because, unlike active solar heating systems, it does not involve the use of mechanical and electrical devices.', 'The key to design a passive solar building is to best take advantage of the local climate performing an accurate site analysis.', 'Elements to be considered include window placement and size, and glazing type, thermal insulation, thermal mass, and shading.', 'Passive solar design techniques can be applied most easily to new buildings, but existing buildings can be adapted or "retrofitted".']}, {'Insect winter ecology': ['Insect winter ecology entails the overwinter survival strategies of insects, which are in many respects more similar to those of plants than to many other animals, such as mammals and birds.', 'This is because unlike those animals, which can generate their own heat internally (endothermic), insects must rely on external sources to provide their heat (ectothermic).', 'Thus, insects sticking around in the winter, must tolerate freezing or rely on other mechanisms to avoid freezing.', 'Loss of enzymatic function and eventual freezing due to low temperatures daily threatens the livelihood of these organisms during winter.']}, {'Heat capacity': ['Heat capacity or thermal capacity is a measurable physical quantity equal to the ratio of the heat added to (or removed from) an object to the resulting temperature change.', 'The unit of heat capacity is joule per kelvin formula_1, or kilogram metre squared per kelvin second squared formula_2 in the International System of Units (SI).', 'The dimensional form is .', 'Specific heat is the amount of heat needed to raise the temperature of one kilogram of mass by 1 kelvin.', 'Heat capacity is an extensive property of matter, meaning that it is proportional to the size of the system.', 'When expressing the same phenomenon as an intensive property, the heat capacity is divided by the amount of substance, mass, or volume, thus the quantity is independent of the size or extent of the sample.']}, {'Solar water heating': ['Solar water heating (SWH) is the conversion of sunlight into heat for water heating using a solar thermal collector.', 'A variety of configurations are available at varying cost to provide solutions in different climates and latitudes.', 'SWHs are widely used for residential and some industrial applications.', 'A sun-facing collector heats a working fluid that passes into a storage system for later use.', 'SWH are active (pumped) and passive (convection-driven).', 'They use water only, or both water and a working fluid.', 'They are heated directly or via light-concentrating mirrors.', 'They operate independently or as hybrids with electric or gas heaters.']}], 'retrieved_topics': ['Lettuce', 'Romaine lettuce', 'Mesclun', 'Passive solar building design', 'Insect winter ecology', 'Heat capacity', 'Solar water heating']}, {'speaker': '0_Apprentice', 'text': 'I just have never cared for romaine lettuce. Something about the taste. I was not aware it was tolerant of heat. Do you know anything else interesting about it?', 'candidate_responses': ['modern Santa Claus grew out of traditions surrounding the historical Saint Nicholas (a fourth-century Greek bishop and gift-giver of Myra), the British figure of Father Christmas ', "I worked at a Hospital, I'm an ER nurse.", "The vast majority of the world's countries—including all of the great powers—eventually formed two opposing military alliances:", 'I believe that would definitely have a positive effect on their health. They also will eat less of the antibiotics factory farms use on their livestock.', 'I live in New York, where we always say there are 8 million. How many people in Tokyo?', 'Ah, I see. Anything else you can tell me about pita bread to really sell me on eating it in the future?', 'Yes , Cinematography finds uses in many fields of science and business as well as for entertainment purposes', 'all of the people (managers) involved participate in a draft, you get to pick real players in the NFL', 'We are currently set up in Hershey, Pennsylvania, where in 1886 where he also founded the Lancaster Caramel Company that I told you about. ', 'I believe the internet has caused a whole load of disorders, many have not been researched enough yet to provide treatment. Gambling can have a devastating effect on families and loved ones.', 'ya i heard', 'Some think that it make reflect a lack of self-estemm or lack of positive recognition of other, personally I think it is overanalysing a simple thing.', 'have you ever kissed a girl?', 'There are a lot of teams in the league! in 1935 Switzerland was chosen as the host country for the championship.', "Have you ever seen the movie The Last of the Mohicans? My husband loves it, but I've never seen it.", 'Good Burger is a 1997 comedy film directed by Brian Robbins.', 'I have  started to like corn tortillas more as I have gotten older.', "I love coffee! Living in the south, I'm partial to iced coffee. I particularly like cold brew.", 'Yeah she was able to write with such emotion it was great', 'yea it sticks out quite a bit in the bottom of america, great place though', 'I like when dance tells a story, like in mime, or accompanies a musical piece', "I just don't get it. For example, is it based on meat or protein? Because if a vegan eats nuts, that's protein!", 'Oh that makes sense. I personally want to specialize in dogs only, is this possible?', 'Ok I will have to read up on that, when did yoga become popular in the us?', 'I love to eat steak. It is beef sliced across the muscle fibers, sometimes including a bone.', 'Do I need any specific training?', 'Golf is a club and ball sport in which players use various clubs to hit balls into a series of holes ', 'I really like helping people. One of the ways I do it is helping at the Nursing home.', 'Interesting. How do they make sure to get enough protein?', 'I know what you mean.  I have a 3 year old and she is growing up too fast!', 'hello I do love Agatha Christie novels', 'That is a great song. One of my favs. Wyman left in 1993. Then Darryl Jones replaced as touring bassist.', 'A sculptor can use any form of material he chooses. But sculpting requires the sole process of carving, assembled by welding or modelling, or molded, or cast.', 'I just have never cared for romaine lettuce. Something about the taste. I was not aware it was tolerant of heat. Do you know anything else interesting about it?', 'what sort of pointless things do you find yourself doing?', "Hey, what do you think of McDonald's dollar menu cheeseburgers?", 'How old is Rodney now?', "How is that used?  I have not heard of that - she's the expert.", 'It seems to be a game for all ages. My kids started when they were young and the game grows with them. Yes, the custom maps are amazing! ', 'Those are pretty cars! What do you like so much about them to want to buy one?', 'Well, here you met the first one.', "I have always been interested in Ballet but don't know very much about it.", 'Dogs have a long association with humans and as a result, they are very attuned with human behavior.', "Oh, are you spooked by all things spooky? Me too, that's why I try to stay in the lines of elves and dragons with my literature", "I'm learning how to play the piano.", "I love tea, I'm drinking some green tea right now", 'Apparently they were one of the founding big four bands of thrash metal along with Megadeth, Anthrax and Slayer', "Wow, that's pretty impressive. A lot of people swim for fun, do you?", "I don't think sky diving is for either of us!", "I haven't been either, but I'd love to go. Peaches are delicious, especially from Georgia.", 'I am a neutral, because if my favorite team loses, I get irritability, and anger.', "Some rum is dark isn't it? I thought there were white and dark rums?", 'Ooh, interesting. What kind of notable people are there? I am curious to know.', "I've only tried one, how many flavors are there though?", 'I like how versatile it is. It can be topped with additional vegetables, meats, and condiments, and can even be made without cheese. ', "Quite impressive, we can't expect less from him since it's already in his genes", 'well the diet verstion was created in 1988, followed by mountain dew red which was discontinued in the same year', "I would love to travel to Italy. Traveling is the movement of people from different locations and can be by foot, train, car, plane, cruise, etc. What's your favorite method of traveling?", "I just learned that I am color blind - it's making educational activities difficult", 'Indeed, it is made up of 9 different territories such as Afghanistan, Bhutan, India, ect.', 'I love dogs, particularly huskies. I have two. What about you? The idea that they are genetically close to wolves is so cool.', 'Great, do you think that being an only child causes social ills and crimes?', "I guess, but if I were to have a heart attack, I wouldn't want a student in a specilized cardiology unit making all the calls.", 'That is really neat', 'i dont know how to swim. ', 'I agree, do you know any tips that might help me?', 'Oh that makes sense. Depression seems like it is one of the most common mental health issues these days.', 'Oh, I never knew that acronym. Is there more you can tell me about these fields of study?', "That sounds amazing haha. Must've been a pretty small scale operation though.", 'For some reason, our tree always falls over!', 'Yeah that is true, what is your favorite kind of cheese?', "Yes isn't that interesting!  It was first used as a color name in the late 17th century!", 'Perhaps one day you will get your big break and become famous.  You would have to be serious about it, though.', 'Who are the other in the big four?', 'Yes, but as an ovo-vegetarian, the majority comes from beans and eggs.', 'Oh, that sounds interesting. Do you like that show? ', 'In modern times, the cake is on display and served to guests.', 'You should give it a try, baking is a lot of fun and you can make so many different types of foods, like cakes as you mentioned, but also breads.', 'Yes I know a thing or two. It an outdoor activity usually involving an overnight stay away from home. Are you prepared for this?', "Oh, that's interesting. What's usually done in a ballet?", 'Pooter, my cat, gives me great companionship, do they offer anything else, they are pretty easy to care for', 'I love it because it combine core elements from the action and adventure genres.', 'It is generally just larger, thinner pieces. It is essentially the opposite of Chicago style.', 'Dance is very interesting maybe I will go to a class.', 'It is not exactly known as the origins are generally theroetical that it dirived from mexico', "Just as long as you don't have vegaphobia, a fear of vegan people. ", 'That is strange, that makes a lot more orphans than normal. Is there a cut off age for when someone is considered an orphan?', 'yes there are many with cow farms around here.', 'I grew in a project public housing', 'I guess my courtship may seem archaic to many today. My husband and I had chaperone and he even asked my parents for permissions to marry. Getting to know each other in fun settings', "oh no all my siblings are from the same parents. Tell me what's your proper definition of only child?", 'Really? The aquarium principle was fully developed in 1850', 'Oh I see. Well at least they do have some techniques to help them deal with the disability.', 'I have never been.  What do you recommend I do if I visit?', 'I love having pets, dogs and cats! A pet can be any kind of animal that you consider a companion.', 'oh okay sorry about that. im not 100% on mris in detail but i can tell you interventional radilogy is the performance of medical procedures with the guidance of imaging technologies. radiology improves our lives greatly.', 'One of my favorite foods is a nice steak with wine', 'Yes, I really want to sell mostly all organic', 'Have you seen that movie, Tesis, it stared Ana Torrent? ', 'Yea its seattle is a city in west of the united states.'], 'retrieved_passages': [{'Lettuce': ['Lettuce ("Lactuca sativa") is an annual plant of the daisy family, Asteraceae.', 'It is most often grown as a leaf vegetable, but sometimes for its stem and seeds.', 'Lettuce is most often used for salads, although it is also seen in other kinds of food, such as soups, sandwiches and wraps; it can also be grilled.', 'One variety, the " (), or asparagus lettuce (celtuce), is grown for its stems, which are eaten either raw or cooked.', 'In addition to its main use as a leafy green, it has also gathered religious and medicinal significance over centuries of human consumption.', 'Europe and North America originally dominated the market for lettuce, but by the late 20th century the consumption of lettuce had spread throughout the world.']}, {'Romaine lettuce': ['Romaine or cos lettuce is a variety of lettuce ("Lactuca sativa" L. var.', '"longifolia") that grows in a tall head of sturdy leaves with firm ribs down their centers.', 'Unlike most lettuces, it is tolerant of heat.', 'In British English, it is commonly known as "cos lettuce", and in North America as "romaine" lettuce.', 'Many dictionaries trace the word "cos" to the name of the Greek island of Cos, from which the lettuce was presumably introduced.', 'Other authorities trace "cos" to the Arabic word for lettuce, "" .', 'It apparently reached the West via Rome, as in Italian it is called "lattuga romana" and in French "", both meaning \'Roman lettuce\', hence the name \'romaine\', the common term in North American English.']}, {'Nandini (TV series)': ['Nandhini is an Indian multilingual supernatural television drama that premiered on 23 January 2017 on Sun TV, Gemini TV, Surya TV and Udaya TV channels.', 'This is the first South Indian Serial to be aired in 4 South Indian language by Sun Network channels and same time except for Udaya TV, which is half hour earlier.', 'It is claimed that the show is the second biggest budgeted series on Indian television after Naagin and the first in South India.', 'Nithya Ram, Malavika Wales, Rahul Ravi and Adhitri are the main protagonists of the series.', 'The series is produced by Tamil film director Sundar C. and his wife, actress Kushboo.']}, {'List of recurring The Simpsons characters': ['"The Simpsons" includes a large array of supporting characters: co-workers, teachers, family friends, extended relatives, townspeople, local celebrities, fictional characters within the show, and even animals.', 'The writers originally intended many of these characters as one-time jokes or for fulfilling needed functions in the town.', 'A number of them have gained expanded roles and have subsequently starred in their own episodes.', 'According to the creator of "The Simpsons", Matt Groening, the show adopted the concept of a large supporting cast from the Canadian sketch comedy show "Second City Television".']}, {'2012 Oregon State Beavers football team': ['The 2012 Oregon State Beavers football team represented Oregon State University during the 2012 NCAA Division I FBS football season.', "The team's head coach was Mike Riley, in his tenth straight season and twelfth overall.", 'Home games were played at Reser Stadium in Corvallis, and they were members of the North Division of the Pac-12 Conference.', 'The Beavers finished the season 9–4 and 6–3 in Pac-12 play; third place in the North Division and fourth overall.', 'They were invited to the Alamo Bowl and were defeated by the Texas Longhorns.', 'Oregon State finished the 2011 season with a record of 3–9, 3–6 in Pac-12 play, placing 5th place in the North Division.']}, {'Maror': ['Maror ( "mārôr") or Marror refers to the bitter herbs eaten at the Passover Seder in keeping with the biblical commandment "with bitter herbs they shall eat it."', '(Exodus 12:8).', 'In some listings of the 613 commandments, such as the "Minchat Chinuch", the biblical obligation to consume "maror" is included within the commandment to consume the meat of the sacrificial Paschal offering.', 'Ever since the Paschal offering ceased to exist with the destruction of the Temple in Jerusalem in 70 CE, the obligation to consume "maror" on the first night of Passover has been rabbinical in nature.', 'The only two biblical reference to the "maror" is the verse quoted above (Exodus 12:8) in which it is mentioned in reference to the offering, and in Numbers 9:11 where "They are to eat the lamb, together with the unleavened bread and bitter herbs".']}, {'Lettuce soup': ['Lettuce soup is a soup prepared with lettuce as a primary ingredient.', 'It may be prepared with myriad lettuces and other ingredients, and some lettuce soups may use several cultivars of lettuce in their preparation.', 'It is a part of French cuisine and Chinese cuisine.', 'Cream of lettuce soup is a type of lettuce soup prepared using milk or cream.', 'The soup may be served with toast or rolls as a side dish or with the soup atop them.', 'It may be served as an appetizer, a side dish or as a main dish, and may be served hot or cold.', 'Lettuce is a primary ingredient, and several types of lettuce can be used, such as butter lettuce, cos lettuce, Boston lettuce, romaine lettuce, green leaf lettuce and iceberg lettuce, among others.']}], 'retrieved_topics': ['Lettuce', 'Romaine lettuce', 'Nandini (TV series)', 'List of recurring The Simpsons characters', '2012 Oregon State Beavers football team', 'Maror', 'Lettuce soup']}, {'speaker': '1_Wizard', 'text': 'What about the milky fluid which gives the romaine the typically fine-bitter herb taste.', 'checked_sentence': {'chosen_Romaine_lettuce_0': 'The thick ribs, especially on the older outer leaves, should have a milky fluid which gives the romaine the typically fine-bitter herb taste.'}, 'checked_passage': {'chosen_topic_0_Romaine_lettuce': 'Romaine lettuce'}, 'candidate_responses': ["It really is great fun. You take a ski lift up the hill as you can't walk properly on fixed skis. Then you whiz down the hill! You could try cross-country skiing - that's easier.", "Well, I guess I need to kick the coffee habit than.  Alcohol as well.  Isn't there just a pill that will help with the symptoms?", 'Autograph', "Science fiction is quite diverse, and its exact definition hasn't yet been determined by scholars and those that love it.  ", 'Blue is one of three main primary colors, its my fav color', 'A lot,  The Beastie Boys have sold 26 million records in the United States and 50 million records worldwide', 'I agree, they definitely have a prehistoric look to them. There are also over 6000 species spread across the world.', "That makes sense. Parents definitely get a certain respect from me that others don't get, purely for their sacrifice and dedication to their childrent.", "Yup. She's the sweetest little thing and you can tell she's so grateful. She never leaves my side and is so cuddly. I wish I could rescue more.", "Well that's nice ,when was swimming introduced as a sport?", 'Yes it was founded in 1831. The main campus is in Manhattan.', "Halloween is a celebration observed in a number of countries on 31 October, the eve of the Western Christian feast of All Hallows' Day.", "Yes! It's known as the home of the US film industry and has several historic studios within the city!", 'all the best', "I LOVE Taco Bell. It's funny that they server more the 2 billion customers a year! Like that's INSANE. But I understand it's worth it. ", 'That must be interesting! What do you cover? Politics, business, sports, weather?', 'Oh wow. I did not know that. I will have to look up some of his music.', 'Wow, I had no idea.  I knew that the ranges were in the same part of the country, but I have confused the mountain ranges for a long time.  What other nature areas do you enjoy exploring?', 'blue has so many good shades and you can so many more mixing green and violet its awesome', 'It is very annoying, typical corporate behavior. ', "Did you know Armadillo's are the only animal that can carry leprosy. Crazy huh?", 'Do you like to participate in competitive running at events like festivals?', 'I like chalk drawings the best to look at, but wax colored pencils is probably my favorite. What about you?', 'hello, do you know any info on pattern hair loss?', 'They are now. Even though they used to be thought of as uncivilised, because criminals were known to get them,', 'When I was in Asia, I really started liking edible sea plants. ', 'I think they are mostly those colors because of the hound traits in them. They are quite good at picking up scents and it used primarily for hunting hares!', 'Justin Beiber seems to really jump in and out of the spotlight constantly.', 'Not exactly, but the modern guitar was preceded by the gittern, the vihuela, the four-course Renaissance and the five-course baroque guitar.', 'Well, here you met the first one.', 'Well Cyanobacteria are actually a form of blue-green algae.', "Well apparently rolfing was invented by Ida Rolf. It's also a form of alternative medicine.", 'Finance deals with investments such as stocks while accounting is just record keeping.', 'What about the milky fluid which gives the romaine the typically fine-bitter herb taste.', "That's interesting. Does that give you enough energy to hike?", "I have long hair, I wish it was thicker though. Apparently long lustrous hair is considered 'attractive' by men... so I probably shouldn't cut it if I want to find a man. ha What about you?", "my parents are still married so i will never find out what it's like to have a stepfather", 'I like it somewhere in the middle. I like two splashes of simple syrup and a little bit of 1/2 and 1/2.', 'The Ultimate Fighting Championship.', 'Black Ivory Coffee is produced in Northern Thailand.', 'The beaches are covered in pebbles and shingles and gravel and sand', "As long as it is a flat trail...don't like the hills so much. Ever hiked the Appallacian Trail?", "I'm not sure what CAD is, but I do know about stereolithography. It's one of the most common file types for 3D printing.", 'Im american a leavening agent is used when making them', 'I prefer the hatchback!', "No! And while I don't think he's been in much recently, he's played Tarzan and the thunger god Raiden in the first Mortal Kombat movie.", 'Yes, i have seen a pet skunk even though pet skunks are relatively rare', 'Where do you catch them? The ocean?', 'Yep, they pretty much have to. If you want more children, may have to go somewhere else. China has the most neighbor countries.', 'Yes it can be healthy and many other people choose it because of cultural and environmental reasons as well', 'Thats awesome. Who is your favorite metal musician', 'Are there any privacy concerns I should know about when using the device?', 'I have 2 and the american bulldog is often called a pit bull as well', '2008. His first album after being signed on "my world" had seven songs that got to the billboard chart hot 100 songs.', 'so indie games actually take the least time to make, they can be produced at a lower cost!', "I've heard of that, actually! Is it more common in men or women?", "I assume they can't be too heavy if they are heavy then so that's good. Are there any materials that are used to make the violin sound better, like certain types of wood?", 'I eat organic on occasions. I recently heard a more specified defined type of GMO is a "transgenic organism". Have you heard of this?', 'im not sure there is one really.  but you might not know this but Cats can hear sounds too faint or too high in frequency for human ear', 'Yes, The Beatles were an English rock band and i guess you can consider them pop music too', 'Hello', 'yes we watch it on NBC.', 'Evil step fathers are less common in literature than evil stepmothers, mine is great tho!', "The study of investments, huh? Can you really study that? Isn't the stock market pretty volatile in that there really isn't any way to predict it?", 'Well I think the coolest are the electric guitars.  They use one or more pickups to convert the string vibrations into electric signals.  examples are The Fender Stratocaster or The Gibson Les Paul', "Sounds interesting. What's your favorite blog?", "I used to take care of a bearded dragon, she was so cuddly I couldn't believe it!", 'Interesting. I bet pedicures have been around for a while.', "I'm feeling a bit down right now. Have you ever felt depressed?", 'Skunk typically are black and white or a variation of brown, cream and ginger.  All of them have warning coloration.', 'Miranda Lambert has been performing for about 13 years', 'Yes, I am a fan. Rap is a primary ingredient in hip-hop music but the origins predate the culture.', "One thing I love about pizza is that it's such a convenient dinner, don't you think?", 'Track and field has been around for a long time - in fact, running has been traced all the way back to 776 BC!', "WOW! All the way back in the 1920's :O How many teams where there back then?", 'the followers of this type of diet is called a vegan.', 'Oh thats good to know, maybe I will try that next time.  I usually use sauces on it after its finished cooking', 'Do you have any tips on the best paint to use?', 'The Wizards have appeared in four NBA Finals, and won in 1978, they are really good, they have had a total of 28 playoff appearances!', 'unfortunately too many people are like that i think', "That's true. I read that a few schools have recently begun to combine ESL students with special education classes because some of the basic introductory learning is the same.", "That is why I no longer drive, I'm too slow.", 'Have you ever seen a Bob Ross episode? You know, the American painter and tv host?', 'Oh I would recommend you do, because karoake has fundamentally changed with the introduction of new technology making it so much more fun', "Yeah there are a lot of famous people that have had to deal with that, I'm sure you are in good company.", 'Man, I love cooking! Its like part art and part science!', 'That is very impressive.  Are the Angels a good team', 'That makes sense, since home brewing is for non-commercial purposes.', 'Wow , how interesting!', 'Mine too! I prefer the ones that have  lifeguard posts, changing rooms, and showers.', 'I think  they are four in number , the majority of their career, the group consisted of Michael "Mike D" Diamond (vocals, drums), Adam "MCA" Yauch (vocals, bass) and Adam "Ad-Rock" Horovitz ', 'I wonder what inspired her to create it. Do you know why she made it?', 'A wedding cake is typically served at wedding receptions.', 'I was in Lakeland.  The teacher used it as a teaching aid, but it made a terrible smell throughout the building while he was cooking it.', 'I am a staff writer for a local newspaper.', 'Santa Fe means "holy faith" in Spanish.', "Schizophrenia is a terrifying developmental and psychiatric disorder. Most people get it in early adolescence. I can't even imagine...", "Wow I didn't know that. They get really high safety rating I think.", 'Gossip is an important means that we can monitor cooperative reputations. Which lets us maintain indirect reciprocity.', 'That would scare me and so would the legless ones.'], 'retrieved_passages': [{'Romaine lettuce': ['Romaine or cos lettuce is a variety of lettuce ("Lactuca sativa" L. var.', '"longifolia") that grows in a tall head of sturdy leaves with firm ribs down their centers.', 'Unlike most lettuces, it is tolerant of heat.', 'In British English, it is commonly known as "cos lettuce", and in North America as "romaine" lettuce.', 'Many dictionaries trace the word "cos" to the name of the Greek island of Cos, from which the lettuce was presumably introduced.', 'Other authorities trace "cos" to the Arabic word for lettuce, "" .', 'It apparently reached the West via Rome, as in Italian it is called "lattuga romana" and in French "", both meaning \'Roman lettuce\', hence the name \'romaine\', the common term in North American English.']}, {'Lettuce': ['Lettuce ("Lactuca sativa") is an annual plant of the daisy family, Asteraceae.', 'It is most often grown as a leaf vegetable, but sometimes for its stem and seeds.', 'Lettuce is most often used for salads, although it is also seen in other kinds of food, such as soups, sandwiches and wraps; it can also be grilled.', 'One variety, the " (), or asparagus lettuce (celtuce), is grown for its stems, which are eaten either raw or cooked.', 'In addition to its main use as a leafy green, it has also gathered religious and medicinal significance over centuries of human consumption.', 'Europe and North America originally dominated the market for lettuce, but by the late 20th century the consumption of lettuce had spread throughout the world.']}, {'2012 Oregon State Beavers football team': ['The 2012 Oregon State Beavers football team represented Oregon State University during the 2012 NCAA Division I FBS football season.', "The team's head coach was Mike Riley, in his tenth straight season and twelfth overall.", 'Home games were played at Reser Stadium in Corvallis, and they were members of the North Division of the Pac-12 Conference.', 'The Beavers finished the season 9–4 and 6–3 in Pac-12 play; third place in the North Division and fourth overall.', 'They were invited to the Alamo Bowl and were defeated by the Texas Longhorns.', 'Oregon State finished the 2011 season with a record of 3–9, 3–6 in Pac-12 play, placing 5th place in the North Division.']}, {'Human digestive system': ['The human digestive system consists of the gastrointestinal tract plus the accessory organs of digestion (the tongue, salivary glands, pancreas, liver, and gallbladder).', 'In this system, the process of digestion has many stages, the first of which starts in the mouth.', 'Digestion involves the breakdown of food into smaller and smaller components, until they can be absorbed and assimilated into the body.', 'Chewing, in which food is mixed with saliva begins the process of digestion.', 'This produces a bolus which can be swallowed down the esophagus and into the stomach.', 'Here it is mixed with gastric juice until it passes into the duodenum where it is mixed with a number of enzymes produced by the pancreas.']}, {'Milky Way': ['The Milky Way is the galaxy that contains our Solar System.', 'The descriptive "milky" is derived from the appearance from Earth of the galaxy – a band of light seen in the night sky formed from stars that cannot be individually distinguished by the naked eye.', 'The term "Milky Way" is a translation of the Latin \', from the Greek (\', "milky circle").', 'From Earth, the Milky Way appears as a band because its disk-shaped structure is viewed from within.', 'Galileo Galilei first resolved the band of light into individual stars with his telescope in 1610.', 'Until the early 1920s, most astronomers thought that the Milky Way contained all the stars in the Universe.']}, {'Ancient Israelite cuisine': ['Ancient Israelite cuisine refers to the food eaten by the ancient Israelites during a period of over a thousand years, from the beginning of the Israelite presence in the Land of Israel at the beginning of the Iron Age until the Roman period.', 'The dietary staples were bread, wine and olive oil, but also included legumes, fruits and vegetables, dairy products, fish and meat.', 'Religious beliefs, which prohibited the consumption of certain foods, shaped the Israelite diet.', 'There was considerable continuity in the main components of the diet over time, despite the introduction of new foodstuffs at various stages.']}, {'Chinese herbology': ['Chinese herbology () is the theory of traditional Chinese herbal therapy, which accounts for the majority of treatments in traditional Chinese medicine (TCM).', 'A "Nature" editorial described TCM as "fraught with pseudoscience", and said that the most obvious reason why it has not delivered many cures is that the majority of its treatments have no logical mechanism of action.', 'The term herbology is misleading in the sense that, while plant elements are by far the most commonly used substances, animal, human, and mineral products are also utilized,among which some are poisonous.', 'In the Neijing they are referred to as 毒藥 [duyao] which means toxin, poison, or medicine.']}], 'retrieved_topics': ['Romaine lettuce', 'Lettuce', '2012 Oregon State Beavers football team', 'Human digestive system', 'Milky Way', 'Ancient Israelite cuisine', 'Chinese herbology']}, {'speaker': '0_Apprentice', 'text': 'I was not aware that is where it got the bitter taste but I think that is what I do not like. I do know that it is the usual lettuce used in Caesar salad. That is about all I know about romaine lettuce.', 'candidate_responses': ['I bet so and blue seems to be the base of a ton of colors.', 'Yes I told about my tradition but We meet my spouse during  my collegedays and have dating with her', 'Iguanas are lizards native to central america and the caribbean.', "Oh wow! No, I don't know much about running track, but I've been interested in learning! ", "I've never watched that movie", "I've never had a potato pancake before.", "Yeah, I don't like it either. They use leather for shoes, hats, jackets, skirts and belts. Also they use in in furniture, books and wallets. Couldn't they use something else?", 'Yep and even the Egyptians used herbs and spices for mummification, their demand for exotic spices and herbs helped stimulate world trade even to this very day.', "That's all? But it tastes so good!", "That's a great talent.  Painting is so interesting and can be naturalistic, photographic, abstract, etc.  ", "That's amazing.  I had a student a few years ago who use horseback riding for physical therapy.  ", 'Gotcha! It takes lots of practice! There are lots of professional surfers as well!', "I went to visit Dallas, TX years ago, but I'd like to go back. Ever been?", 'Yes, they are quite common where I live in the southern United States. I actually trapped a few on my lawn and moved them to the wilderness.', "Yes! Bible is very interesting! As you can tell I'm very religious :) What are your favorite books?", "Yes, and you could also say that our paleolithic and neolithic ancestors also practiced this diet, as they consumed mainly a plant based diet ( plants can't run away ).", 'I do not know much about vehicles. I know that a V8 is very powerful. ', 'Oh cool! When was it built? Do you know? ', "I love comic books! I've heard they date back to the 18th century!", 'Genetic research shows an extinct giant version existed, we use tony cacheres to season them', 'its considered to be closer to wild cabbage, though i know thats hard to believe because when i look at kale i see spinach haha. kale aused to be one of the most common green vegetables in europe a long time ago believe it or not', 'Oh yea, who coined the name?', "I love Radiohead! It's hard to believe that they've been together since 1985!", 'Orange is so tasty and healthy!', "There's fencing, swimming, equestrian, pistol shooting and cross country running - pentathletes are considered to be one of the most skilled athletes", "You're right, there are a lot of people. I like getting away from the tourist attractions, it's much less busy. ", "I hope they make it to the Superbowl next year. Do you think they'll be in the playoffs?", 'For sure! I think my favorite shellfish is lobster, have you ever had it?', "That's hard. I went through a divorce after 7 years of marriage, and that was tough. It is also known as a dissolution or termination of marriage.", "Ah, and I'm no fan of Rum and Coke! My apologies to Cuba, where the drink originated, it just doesn't do it for me...", 'Im not sure but he wont be quiet about it . That sounds something like what he was talking about though', 'Yes, there is so many different options. ', 'Yes they do, there is a huge difference! I have been skiing out west more then I can count but it was before I started with the board. Modern snowboarding was actually started by an engineer in Michigan.', 'I was not aware that is where it got the bitter taste but I think that is what I do not like. I do know that it is the usual lettuce used in Caesar salad. That is about all I know about romaine lettuce.', 'Well I mainly make pecan because it is so delicious and usually includes vanilla, and salt to balance the taste ', 'Food is often better the next day I agree! Italian cuisine has developed over the centuries!', 'Alzheimers is terrible but there are many different factors that can affect the process of "Forgetting"', 'My go-to is cheeseburgers.', "It's better to go to treatment and try to cure. Those who don't usually don't have their agoraphobia resolved, and stay in their houses forever.", 'I believe The Packers won the first 3 Super Bowls. The NFL merged with the AFL to create the AFC and NFC at the time too and the merger was complete in 1970.', 'Veganism is not using either animal products or eating animal products and i dont care for it', 'I think it needs to have an opening to work at all.', 'Lucky was the title to one of the songs. It was recorded before the others. Most of the album was recorded in a historic mansion!', 'Apparently all models built in Mexico are only available in a long wheelbase.', 'i want to visit Italy so bad', 'Humans were smart enough to take advantage of them.  Horses in the "caballus" species are domesticated although some live in the wild as feral horses.', 'Yes marketing communications is important - internet marketing is important these days', 'I am a vegan, what about you?', 'I always believed in the value of it.  Probably because I was raised my a household of teachers.  ', "Yes, that's my favorite. There are so many flavored cheesecakes thought! Strawberry, key lime, chocolate, pumpkin, original, Oreo, etc. Do you have a preference in flavor?", 'That was a big change to the menu as breakfast used to only be available in the mornings.', 'I like labrador retrievers and corgis, but I currently have a little lhasa apso.', "Islands?  Isn't New York one big island?", ' Identifying factors include generally short to medium-length songs written in a basic format it is really interesting', "No, I haven't. But I have seen some beautiful aquariums in fancy hotels", 'I believe I suffer from Social Anxiety Disorder.', 'Is it a fictional tale or reality can you still recount their confession', 'Are provinces like states?', 'Yes, a shark would be terrifying for me too. The coral reef fish have amazing bright colors too?', 'Hi , it is a known as a gramophone record', "One thing he needs to improve though is the violent crime rate. Chicago's is substantially higher than the US average.", 'Hello. Have you heard of the TV series Face Off it has to do with prosthetic makeup artists like the ones we can see in Science fiction movies?', "Thanks alot for enlightening me about Thor's day. I'm super happy about this info", 'the taco shell is actually more common in America, actually tacos typically use soft, toasted corn tortillas.', 'Wow! There are so many members! Are they still an active band?', 'Who was or is the father of communism?', 'Anything hip hop because it complements attitudes and just the culture.', 'What is the population of Virginia?', 'Interesting, did Facebook develop it then?', 'i mean yeah, i was implying that, and like you said your neighbourhood finished the new tennis court so there should be someone else able to play ', 'Have you ever seen an armadillo? I have had them tearing up my lawn. They like to burrow and look for insects to eat.', "It's a popular city. It was the fastest -growing in 2013.", "No they aren't paid well and they are expected to detect and stop fraudulent activity.", 'NIce! Well hockey is a contact sport between two teams. Skaters use a stick to push a puck up and down the rink.', 'Fun.  Have you ever been para-sailing or kite surfing?  I have seen that before and it looks like a blast', "I bought Overwatch but I haven't played much of it.", "Wow, that's impressive. Before the invention of the sewing machine all sewing was done by hand, which is how I was taught when a child.", "I've been to Pennsylvania. Home of the Eagles, Phillies, Flyers and 76ers", "I'm not familiar with them. What have you been doing?", "I'm sure as long as you are not an infant you will manage. Infants are usually too small to hold their breath. ", "That would be so cool.  You should start your own business with that.  I'm sure people would buy them!", 'Are you a good swimmer yourself?', 'Do they kill the animals or just cut them up?', 'Interesting, I think they are a traditional Vietnamese breed of small domestic pig,rright?', "Hi there! I've just become vegan - do you eat vegan ever?", 'Growing up my dad owned a casino but i was never allowed inside', 'He started working at Pixar animation studios in 1994 because he was really interested in working on "Toy Story". ', 'Yup! In the UK pancakes are often unleavened and resemble a crêpe.', "It's not a childhood cancer, but they can get the vaccine early (age 12 maybe) to prevent HPV which is an infection that can cause cancer. So it's a cancer that happens later in life but can be prevented early on", 'it is really beautiful to listen to and really touches your emotional spots.', 'I never understood how people can be vegans. Meat is amazing!', "Just an aging human lol. It's a risk factor for roughly the 150,000 people who die each day from age related disease. Lots of people die in the month of August.", 'I teach third grade at elementary school which is where students get their primary education', "I don't know many strokes - but I have watched synchronized swimming before - they are not allowed to touch the bottom of the pool.", 'Oh really? Is it the green color, the tree-like shape, or the thick edible stalk?', "I have two cats, I really like them because they're very good at hunting vermin, of which we have a lot where I live.", 'My favorite is Dik Butkus of the Chicago Bears. He is now retired but he was fun to watch.', 'Do you know any of the other reasons how they could prove why they are seeking a divorce?', "Water borne warfare? That's a nice description though.pls tell me more?", "Well She had acted in many dramas starting in the 1950's and so on until she dies in 1976."], 'retrieved_passages': [{'Romaine lettuce': ['Romaine or cos lettuce is a variety of lettuce ("Lactuca sativa" L. var.', '"longifolia") that grows in a tall head of sturdy leaves with firm ribs down their centers.', 'Unlike most lettuces, it is tolerant of heat.', 'In British English, it is commonly known as "cos lettuce", and in North America as "romaine" lettuce.', 'Many dictionaries trace the word "cos" to the name of the Greek island of Cos, from which the lettuce was presumably introduced.', 'Other authorities trace "cos" to the Arabic word for lettuce, "" .', 'It apparently reached the West via Rome, as in Italian it is called "lattuga romana" and in French "", both meaning \'Roman lettuce\', hence the name \'romaine\', the common term in North American English.']}, {'Lettuce': ['Lettuce ("Lactuca sativa") is an annual plant of the daisy family, Asteraceae.', 'It is most often grown as a leaf vegetable, but sometimes for its stem and seeds.', 'Lettuce is most often used for salads, although it is also seen in other kinds of food, such as soups, sandwiches and wraps; it can also be grilled.', 'One variety, the " (), or asparagus lettuce (celtuce), is grown for its stems, which are eaten either raw or cooked.', 'In addition to its main use as a leafy green, it has also gathered religious and medicinal significance over centuries of human consumption.', 'Europe and North America originally dominated the market for lettuce, but by the late 20th century the consumption of lettuce had spread throughout the world.']}, {'Caesar salad': ['A Caesar salad is a salad of romaine lettuce and croutons dressed with parmesan cheese, lemon juice, olive oil, egg, Worcestershire sauce, garlic, and black pepper.', 'It is traditionally prepared tableside.', "The salad's creation is generally attributed to restaurateur Caesar Cardini, an Italian immigrant who operated restaurants in Mexico and the United States.", 'Cardini was living in San Diego but he was also working in Tijuana where he avoided the restrictions of Prohibition.', "His daughter Rosa (1928–2003) recounted that her father invented the salad when a Fourth of July 1924 rush depleted the kitchen's supplies."]}, {'Chinese chicken salad': ['Chinese chicken salad is a salad with chopped chicken; therein, flavored with and styled by Chinese culinary ingredients and techniques that are both common and popularly adapted in parts of the United States.', 'Though many variations exist, common features of most Chinese chicken salads contain: cut romaine lettuce and cabbage (or other lettuce); chicken (typically breast meat); deep-fried wonton (cut dough skins) or rice vermicelli; and nuts (sliced almonds, cashews or peanuts).', 'A basic vinaigrette for the salad includes ingredients like vegetable oil, sesame oil, rice vinegar (or citrus juice); plus, optional seasonings such as dry hot mustard, sesame seeds, coriander and raw ginger or pickled ginger.']}, {'Burger King grilled chicken sandwiches': ["International fast-food restaurant chain Burger King and its Australian franchise Hungry Jack's have had a variety of grilled chicken sandwiches in their product portfolio since 1990.", 'The BK Broiler was the first iteration, and was one of the most successful product introductions in the fast food industry to that point in time.', "However sales dropped in the following two years, and the product was reformulated and renamed to the Chicken Whopper to align the product with the company's Whopper Sandwich.", 'A change of ownership of Burger King in 2004 prompted another reformulation of the product into the BK Baguette product line that focused on a more health-oriented product.']}, {'Salad': ['A salad is a dish consisting of a mixture of small pieces of food, usually predominantly vegetables.', 'They are typically served at room temperature or chilled, with notable exceptions such as south German potato salad which is served warm.', 'Salads may contain virtually any type of ready-to-eat food.', 'Garden salads use a base of leafy greens like lettuce, arugula, kale or spinach; they are common enough that the word "salad" alone often refers specifically to garden salads.', 'Other types include bean salad, tuna salad, fattoush, Greek salad, and Japanese sōmen salad (a noodle-based salad).', 'The sauce used to flavor a salad is commonly called a salad dressing; most salad dressings are based on either a mixture of oil and vinegar or a fermented milk product.']}, {"International availability of McDonald's products": ["McDonald's Corporation () is the world's largest chain of fast food restaurants, serving around 68 million customers daily in 119 countries.", "McDonald's traces its origins to a 1940 restaurant in San Bernardino, California.", "After expanding within the United States, McDonald's became an international corporation in 1967, when it opened a location in Richmond, Canada.", "By the end of the 1970s, McDonald's restaurants existed in five of the Earth's seven continents; an African location came in 1992 in Cape Town,South Africa.", "In order to cater to local tastes and culinary traditions, and often in respect of particular laws or religious beliefs, McDonald's offers regionalized versions of its menu among and within different countries."]}], 'retrieved_topics': ['Romaine lettuce', 'Lettuce', 'Caesar salad', 'Chinese chicken salad', 'Burger King grilled chicken sandwiches', 'Salad', "International availability of McDonald's products"]}, {'speaker': '1_Wizard', 'text': 'Yes that is it. You should pay attention to the  thick ribs, especially on the older outer leaves', 'checked_sentence': {'chosen_Romaine_lettuce_0': 'The thick ribs, especially on the older outer leaves, should have a milky fluid which gives the romaine the typically fine-bitter herb taste.'}, 'checked_passage': {'chosen_topic_0_Romaine_lettuce': 'Romaine lettuce'}, 'candidate_responses': ['Hot :P Dallas is also a city in Texas', 'Not sure?My koi are beautifully colored red, yellow, and cream and white', 'When the beans are liquefied through heating, that is called chocolate liquor. Cocoa is used for many things.', "That's amazing and all the fragrances while cooking. I also like all the daal tadka tadka is a way of frying spices and herbs before cooking, it makes for a good dish.", "No i can't say that I have around here its a hearty winter time dish served with mashed potatoes, black eye peas and cornbread", 'Yes but only one time, never twice.', 'Or we can just stick with Boolean algebra, and just have the values of 0 or 1', 'Oh okay I see. Im not fond of the ground version of the meat so I dont like ground turkey either lol. I have never been to a butcher but I know that cuts of beef are initally seperated from the carcass during the butchering', 'The whole state! But maybe stay away from the capital in Bismarck or Fargo, which is the largest city there. Too many people.', 'MY favorite time of the year is defenetly christmas', 'My sister is getting married and I am her maid of honor and neither of us k now how to go about choosing a cake. Do you have any suggestions for getting a good cake?', 'I think so! Are those in Canada? I like bears.', 'I love experimenting in the kitchen.', 'it is really beautiful to listen to and really touches your emotional spots.', 'Oh really? I never knew that!', "Yeah, I guess dog breeds aren't as uniform as I thought!", 'STEM is science, technology, engineering and mathematics ', 'Yes it does and is surround by the second largest Ocean the Atlantic.', "It sure is, it's also known as the Komodo Monitor", 'I will do that thank you, What types of therapy do they usually do for mental disorders?', 'I always found the relation to christmas a religion a bit confusing, guess im not educated on the topic', 'What type of cartoons would those be?', 'One of my favorite metal bands is Metallica. They were formed in Los Angeles in 1981.', 'GM denied the issue, but relented after being sued.', 'Which song was in the album. I am not familiar with it?', 'Do you have a favorite performer that has been on the show?', 'That crazy!! Any idea why humans are like that? ', "and i'm actually black :) I can't wait for the next elections. I hope next time we will have better candidates. ", "Right now I'm looking through my favorite comic books. I've noticed that there are some key elements such as panels, balloons, text, and characters.", 'That sounds awesome!', 'The peanut is a legume- you eat them. They are delicious! I know a lot about them if you have any questions. ', 'Amazing, do you know the history of when they started using it?', "No idea! I'm trying to think on that one but can't recall that info. I know that more than half Europeans claim to speak more than heir mother tongue. I can only speak one as well. Unless you count the sound I make stepping on legos!", 'Yes that is it. You should pay attention to the  thick ribs, especially on the older outer leaves', 'It was. He brewed in his basement. Just for personal use.', "That's what I love about it too. What reality shows do you watch?", 'Dating may also involve two or more people who have already decided that they share romantic feeling', "I'm not sure, but also CT stands for computed tomography.", 'Special Education programs were made manadantory in 1975 for students with disabilities in the United States', 'well the rights to this forumula was obtained by the tip corporation', 'Sometimes. it would be nice if there was a price list that just said A) costs this much, B) cost this much so I knew without having to go in.', 'Fishing from a kayak is becoming popular due to its appeal as an environmentally friendly and healthy way of getting around. Also, they are relatively low in cost compared to motorized boats.', 'Hello! I am not. Are you? ', 'What do you like about Seattle?', 'what sort of pointless things do you find yourself doing?', 'What are equids? Like a horse?', 'Long Beach is a barrier island you can get to on the LIRR, and there are a lot of surfers there.', 'i like a simple cheesecake, but I also like key lime with that tangy flavor', 'radiology is the science that uses medical imaging to diagnose and somtimes treat diseases in peoples bodies. are you a radiologist?', 'It all started when I saw how animals are treated in those factories. I could not stand having them tortured just for our taste', "Nice, Glad to hear you haven't had a wreck . So you're pretty happy with your coverage?", 'Ah so you\'re from the "Yellowhammer State." Named after the state bird.', "I don't think so, I think there are only 8 including Brown, Columbia, Cornell, Dartmouth, Harvard and a few others.", 'Its sounds great. I dont know much about the history of meatloaf. I always thought of Schnitzel as being German. Turns out it originated from Austria.', "It's nice and very expensive brand.", 'I do know it is low impact as compared to activities such as running, so not as much jarring on your joints.', 'I love Popye, would this be the era where there was mostly no sound?', 'wow so no meat huh', 'I could tell it was well taken care of.', 'Yes, I really want to sell mostly all organic', 'Really, they have burgers?  What kinds?', 'it does it is great to gather for yourself', "I make pecan pie several times every holiday season, although I personally don't eat it.", 'Philadelphia sounds nice! I heard it was founded by William Penn, and was a gift to him. Wish someone would give me a city!', "I'm not a big fan of roller coasters. I've gotten too fat for them and am afraid I won't fit.", 'Chenille is actually the French word for caterpillar whose fur the yarn is supposed to resemble', 'Oh, a Sci Fi show. Who is your favorite Dr.?', "We call it a supreme pizza where I'm from. I don't like them.", 'As we all know the American favorite lol french fries and you can make them in different cuts my favorite is baton-net or allumette cut. ', "I've never tried skateboarding. Is it dangerous?", "it's a good car, my sister has aa accord", 'The variations are confusing some eat dairy but not eggs?', 'Its been existence for long.Yoga Sutras" were compiled prior to 400 CE by Sage Patanjali, taking materials about yoga', 'Do you believe that Amish-owned farms be categorized as family famrs?', 'I agree.  I much prefer their trucks over their cars.', 'How much did that cost?', 'That sounds really fun. I would love to try it.', 'Mellow Mushroom offers non-dairy cheese and they have restaurants all over the US. I think pizza hut is starting to offer non-dairy cheese too, soon. ', 'That would be unsettling if it was because of how clean the place was.', "That's really nice, I know they have special needs but they are human just like all of us.", 'Were you ever familiar with The Beastie Boys?', 'What i mean is that i am a choreographer and I practice the art of choreography', "I've never heard of that term before, does it just refer to a large group of berry-like fruits?", 'Does that mean they can, or can not be treated with antibiotics', "He wasn't super long. Maybe a couple of feet. Kinda a little guy as iguanas go.", 'Most roller coasters have a lot of seats that more than a few passengers can sit and are restrained with safety harnesses.', 'OK. But which country rear pig most?', "I do enjoy Mac and cheese, but I've only ever had it out of the box, with the powdered cheese packet. Never had it properly made with real cheese. Have you? ", "Wow that is impressive. I wonder who is the star quaterback is now since I haven't kept up as much either.", "It definitely requires attention, it's hard to find time to read", 'I would like to learn to dance but dont know were to start', 'I really enjoy those to! Have you seen "To all the boys I have loved before" It is a new romantic comedy that has been pretty popular lately!', "The family vet is an important role in a lot of animal families' lives! I've been going to the same vet clinic for more than 25 years with my dogs, since I was a little kid with my parents. ", 'I believe in strong parenting to promote a childs physical and emotional needs.', 'I have had two friends who took up the task. They said it was wonderful, but I could never commit that much time to it, nor endure smelling terrible for an extended period of time.', 'you ever upload your own videos? Youtube allows anyone to do that since they first came out.', 'Who holds the Guinness World Record for most body piercings?', 'What was one of their songs?', 'How about  their immigration  laws? ', 'how do they work without motors?'], 'retrieved_passages': [{'Romaine lettuce': ['Romaine or cos lettuce is a variety of lettuce ("Lactuca sativa" L. var.', '"longifolia") that grows in a tall head of sturdy leaves with firm ribs down their centers.', 'Unlike most lettuces, it is tolerant of heat.', 'In British English, it is commonly known as "cos lettuce", and in North America as "romaine" lettuce.', 'Many dictionaries trace the word "cos" to the name of the Greek island of Cos, from which the lettuce was presumably introduced.', 'Other authorities trace "cos" to the Arabic word for lettuce, "" .', 'It apparently reached the West via Rome, as in Italian it is called "lattuga romana" and in French "", both meaning \'Roman lettuce\', hence the name \'romaine\', the common term in North American English.']}, {'Cabbage': ['Cabbage or headed cabbage (comprising several cultivars of Brassica oleracea) is a leafy green or purple biennial plant, grown as an annual vegetable crop for its dense-leaved heads.', 'It is descended from the wild cabbage, "B.\xa0oleracea" var.', '"oleracea", and is closely related to broccoli and cauliflower (var.', '"botrytis"), Brussels sprouts (var.', '"gemmifera") and savoy cabbage (var.', '"sabauda") which are sometimes called cole crops.', 'Cabbage heads generally range from , and can be green, purple and white.', 'Smooth-leafed firm-headed green cabbages are the most common, with smooth-leafed red and crinkle-leafed savoy cabbages of both colors seen more rarely.']}, {'Milleretta': ['Milleretta is an extinct genus of millerettid parareptile from the Late Permian of South Africa.', 'Fossils have been found at the Balfour Formation.', "’’Milleretta'’ is a moderately sized, lizard-like animal, about in length.", 'It was probably insectivorous.', 'Its only known species is ‘’Milleretta rubidgei’’, making Milleretta a monospecific genus.', 'It is considered the leased derived compared to "Milleropsis" and "Millerosaurus".', 'Huge gaps are at their maximum between the period of "Milleretta" as ghost lineages show up.', 'The cladogram below displays the phylogenetic position of the "Milleretta", from Ruta "et al.']}, {'Vault (architecture)': ['Vault (French "voûte", from Italian "volta") is an architectural term for an arched form used to provide a space with a ceiling or roof.', 'The parts of a vault exert lateral thrust that requires a counter resistance.', 'When vaults are built underground, the ground gives all the resistance required.', 'However, when the vault is built above ground, various replacements are employed to supply the needed resistance.', 'An example is the thicker walls used in the case of barrel or continuous vaults.', 'Buttresses are used to supply resistance when intersecting vaults are employed.', 'The simplest kind of vault is the barrel vault (also called a wagon or tunnel vault), which is generally semicircular in shape.']}, {'Order of the Star and Key of the Indian Ocean': ['The Most Distinguished Order of the Star and Key of the Indian Ocean is the highest distinct order of merit in the honours system of Mauritius.', 'It was founded in 1992 to decorate people who have made a contribution to social progress in the nations of the Indian Ocean.', 'It may be awarded to non-Mauritian citizens.', 'The chancellor of the order is the President of the Republic of Mauritius.', 'Each year on Independence day (12 March) the president of the republic appoints new members on the recommendation of the prime minister.', 'Labour Day has a special significance to the order as it relates to the hardship of people working for their country.']}, {'Cordyline australis': ['Cordyline australis, commonly known as the cabbage tree, cabbage-palm or , is a widely branched monocot tree endemic to New Zealand.', 'It grows up to tall with a stout trunk and sword-like leaves, which are clustered at the tips of the branches and can be up to long.', 'With its tall, straight trunk and dense, rounded heads, "C.\xa0australis" is a characteristic feature of the New Zealand landscape.', 'Its fruit is a favourite food source for the New Zealand pigeon and other native birds.', "It is common over a wide latitudinal range from the far north of the North Island at 34° 25'S to the south of the South Island at 46° 30'S."]}, {'Dendrosenecio keniodendron': ['Dendrosenecio keniodendron or Giant Groundsel is a species of the genus "Dendrosenecio" of the large family Asteraceae and is one of the several species of giant groundsels endemic to the high altitudes of the Afrotropic, including "Dendrosenecio johnstonii" occurring on Mount Kilimanjaro, Mount Kenya, and the Aberdare Mountains, "Dendrosenecio keniensis" occurring the lower alpine zone of Mount Kenya and "D. keniodendron" occurring in higher and drier sites on Mount Kenya.', 'The giant rosette plants, sometimes tall, often grow in even-sized stands (presumably even-aged), with different understory communities under different-aged stands.']}], 'retrieved_topics': ['Romaine lettuce', 'Cabbage', 'Milleretta', 'Vault (architecture)', 'Order of the Star and Key of the Indian Ocean', 'Cordyline australis', 'Dendrosenecio keniodendron']}, {'speaker': '0_Apprentice', 'text': 'What are the thick ribs? Is that where the milky fluid is that gives it that bitter taste?', 'candidate_responses': ['Do they snort and choke?  If so, it is probably sleep apnea ', 'Did you experience that or not?', 'what do they sell out of a food truck?', 'Of course! its comes from the Cacao bean in Mesoamerica. ', 'I used to love playing tennis as a kid. Have you ever played?', 'What is your favorite film from that company?', "Please tell me more about this, you've piqued my interests", 'No!Dance can be categorized and described by its choreography, by its repertoire of movements, ', 'They may also feel ashamed or restless.', "I can't say I've read any of her books I don't think. Were there any in particular you didn't like?", 'I would like to be a stock broker.  Just as in Finance, stock brokers aim to price assets based on risk level and probable return.  Stock = asset.', 'yes i know', "That's true.  Looking at the orphans on the southern border of the U.S is heartbreaking.  Hopefully they end up in a better environment.", "Hey, I've been very passionate about becoming a fashion designer over the past few years, whats your favorite designer brands?", 'Good to hear you had been there. I always wanted to visit Australia, walk through the country while listening to Pet Sounds, an American rock band', 'Ah so you\'re from the "Yellowhammer State." Named after the state bird.', 'I think education is the biggest factor if we want to change the way this epidemic is playing out.  It would be wise to start out telling people how much extra this disease is costing them, on average american spend approximately 1400$ a year on obesity related ailments.', 'I know that seaweed had a lot of nutritional value and can be used in a variety of dishes', 'No i dont but, The roadway continues through Shenandoah as Skyline Drive', 'Reading is a form of communication as well as language aquisition', "Yes! i love running, I've participated in many races as a non-competitive runner.", "I've never been to a rave, but I'm sure it's past my age group lol. But, living in Paris, that would be amazing I'm sure! They always wear those helmets?", 'Many of the role-playing video games had origins as table top games', "Oh,  I see.  Please  tell me more about her,  because I'm loving her already ", 'I would like to learn to dance but dont know were to start', 'Cool! Have you ever been there?', 'They certainly make pizza salty, since they are preserved by salting them in brine, then packed in salt!', 'Rick and Morty has received universal acclaim.', 'That is forever ago!  Who are some of the more familiar singers in the genre?', 'well, in the mesolithic, people became sedentary farmers and began to keep animals as food, if you trust the archaeologists.', "I'm not sure but 7 out of the 8 schools were all founded during the U.S. colonial period.", 'Yeah, all of those things make for some really great songs, it is my favorite genre', 'That would be great!  Maybe as she gets older she will focus more on her acting career as an adult an do things that are more suited to an image that reflects that.', 'What are the thick ribs? Is that where the milky fluid is that gives it that bitter taste?', "Yes, reading is a complex interaction between the reader and the text. This can be influenced by the reader's past experiences.", 'I do not have that information. It is nicknamed the "Centennial State" because it became a state a century after the US Declaration of Independence was signed.', 'You should try it. You can move by moving your limbs or body, or both of them.', 'Plus it will give me plenty of time to experience some things and decide what I would like to do.', 'Are they popular in other areas of the world like Europe or Asia?', 'I always liked the Hamburglar myself, he was a funny little guy. I had a crush on him as a kid.', 'That sounds about right, what else can you tell me about having kids? ', 'I bet that makes a fun social activity.', 'I have not read for a long time.  ', 'I just have never cared for romaine lettuce. Something about the taste. I was not aware it was tolerant of heat. Do you know anything else interesting about it?', "I agree. I must say though I don't like to cook it myself because it makes a big mess.", 'Exactly, and this has been going on as early as Cicero in Ancient Rome. This is when people started to make the comparison between slavery and wage labor. We have to do better as a society.', 'yes, they are in 3 catergories, the true" parrots, cockatoos and lastly New Zealand parrots', 'Yep, It actually was founded by Reed Hastings and Marc Randolph on August 29, 1997, in Scotts Valley, California.', 'I love to eat shrimp, the decapod crustaceans. I can eat 100 at a time!', 'Wow that is interesting about the oil. Can you tell me more?', 'Does Hershey sell worldwide?', "In Japan around the Yayoi period. It's known there as narezushi.", 'You can find butchers in supermarkets, and grocery stores. Also in fish markets and slaughter houses. They can even just be self employed.', 'That is nice that they honored him by naming the character after him. Pixar really makes good movies.', 'Do you work in the field already?', 'I had a similar major at Union College.', "Pit Bulls were originally developed as fighting dogs, so i'm sure that is how they received their reputation.", 'oh yea it really is horrible', "I've lately been listening to a lot of 70s and disco music, I really enjoy it. Do you like disco?", 'Okay, what other styles did they experiment with?', 'Yes.  People that I know seem to be interested.', "Pizza is a popular food in North America, but it's not all the same.  Have you ever had Chicago style pizza?", 'But why are other larger animals called wild cat,eg lion', 'I think going to a Madonna concert now would still be a lot of fun even though she is older. ', 'Saul Below went there! He was a famous author who won the Nobel prize for literature and the national medal of arts!', 'Well, at least it is golf.  I have never played that.', 'Six flags has a roller coaster called the Wild Mouse and it runs with a single car instead of attached trains. ', 'I love dogs they are really your best friends they have been associated with us humans for many years..', 'Hi! Do you have red hair?', 'She eats a lot of vegetables, imitation meat, bean-burger patties, fruits, vegan "cheese." There are a whole bunch of products in super markets made without animal products, and many taste just like the real deal.', 'They have distinctive black and white stripes coats', 'He has been featured on hooks and and singles for other artists and also perform as a single artist.', "I actually didn't know that! Such interesting facts surrounding the color purple!", "Oh it's incredible, as a Ketoer, it's nice to be able to have some of the darker cacao cause it's almost no sugars.", 'thats badass tell me more', 'Historical fiction writers often work on many different kinds of pieces such as movie scripts, books, video games, ect.  What kind do you work on?', 'Early factories had small amounts of machinery and fewer than a dozen workers. Times sure have changed', 'I imagine the hours would be long. I personally think trucks are a hazard on the roads in the US. I assume they face the same problems all over the world in places like Pakistan and the UK>', "You have to remove yourself from the situation because you have chest pain and you feel like you're going to lose control.", 'My favorite form of chocolate is either liquid or in a block, like a chocolate syrup or a candy bar. What about you?', 'The ones in the wild will eat birds, rodents or carrion.', "I have trouble with all colors - apparently it's  an inherited fault in the development of one or more of the of color sensing cones in the eye.", 'I like green apples', 'Oh ok thats interesting.', "I didn't know that. Is there a special Radiology school, or do you go to regular medical school?", 'I would be too afraid I would get electrocuted to be an electrician lol', "That' s smart.  Is there also a tax benefit?", 'Thats right, thats another term for it. Its an analog sound storage medium.', 'Beef stew is great!  Carrots come in a variety of color such as orange, purple, black, red, white, and yellow', 'It was written by Emily Bronte, if I am not mistaken.', 'In cottages, but then they created farms for it and monastaries', "I certainly get social support from my pet, he's a miniature pinscher and I love him very much.", 'I will! I read a book once about how they do it, they split it along the axis into halves and then into quarters. Also, yes I do like regular turkey! ', "Yes they have changed their name a lot, but In November 1995, owner Abe Pollin announced he was changing the team's nickname in to Wizards", 'Oh yes, it is classified in one of two ways genre, or intended age of the reader.', 'Have you found enlightenment or is that just a myth?', 'I have two dogs. One of them is an English Bulldog, and the other one is a pitbull. Have you ever seen an English Bulldog?', 'Do you think more business can be generated online than in person?', 'Sometimes. The fast food chance has been around since 1940 and started in California.', 'Yeah that little pod contains the black seeds that contain all the flavor.  Alton Brown showed me on his show how to extract vanilla from the pod.'], 'retrieved_passages': [{'Taste': ['Taste, gustatory perception, or gustation is one of the five traditional senses that belongs to the gustatory system.', 'Taste is the sensation produced when a substance in the mouth reacts chemically with taste receptor cells located on taste buds in the oral cavity, mostly on the tongue.', 'Taste, along with smell (olfaction) and trigeminal nerve stimulation (registering texture, pain, and temperature), determines flavors of food or other substances.', 'Humans have taste receptors on taste buds (gustatory calyculi) and other areas including the upper surface of the tongue and the epiglottis.', 'The gustatory cortex is responsible for the perception of taste.']}, {'Gustducin': ['Gustducin is a G protein associated with taste and the gustatory system, found in some taste receptor cells.', 'Research on the discovery and isolation of gustaducin is recent.', 'It is known to play a large role in the transduction of bitter, sweet and umami stimuli.', 'Its pathways (especially for detecting bitter stimuli) are many and diverse.', 'An intriguing feature of gustducin is its similarity to transducin.', 'These two G proteins have been shown to be structurally and functionally similar, leading researchers to believe that the sense of taste evolved in a similar fashion to the sense of sight.', 'Gustducin is a heterotrimeric protein composed of the products of the GNAT3 (α-subunit), GNB1 (β-subunit) and GNG13 (γ-subunit).']}, {'Romaine lettuce': ['Romaine or cos lettuce is a variety of lettuce ("Lactuca sativa" L. var.', '"longifolia") that grows in a tall head of sturdy leaves with firm ribs down their centers.', 'Unlike most lettuces, it is tolerant of heat.', 'In British English, it is commonly known as "cos lettuce", and in North America as "romaine" lettuce.', 'Many dictionaries trace the word "cos" to the name of the Greek island of Cos, from which the lettuce was presumably introduced.', 'Other authorities trace "cos" to the Arabic word for lettuce, "" .', 'It apparently reached the West via Rome, as in Italian it is called "lattuga romana" and in French "", both meaning \'Roman lettuce\', hence the name \'romaine\', the common term in North American English.']}, {'BitterDB': ['Basic taste qualities like sour, salty, sweet, bitter and umami serve specific functions in identifying food components found in the diet of humans and animals, and are recognized by proteins in the oral cavity.', 'Recognition of bitter taste and aversion to it are thought to protect the organism against the ingestion of poisonous food compounds, which are often bitter.', 'Bitter taste receptors are expressed not only in the mouth but also in extraoral tissues.', 'BitterDB database, available at http://bitterdb.agri.huji.ac.il/bitterdb/, includes over 670 compounds that were reported to taste bitter to humans.']}, {'Taste receptor': ['A taste receptor is a type of receptor which facilitates the sensation of taste.', 'When food or other substances enter the mouth, molecules interact with saliva and are bound to taste receptors in the oral cavity and other locations.', 'Molecules which give a sensation of taste are considered "sapid".', 'Taste receptors are divided into two families:  Combinations of these receptors in dimers or other complexes contributes to different perceptions of taste.', 'Visual, olfactive, “sapictive” (the perception of tastes), trigeminal (hot, cool), mechanical, all contribute to the perception of "taste".', 'Of these, transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily V member 1 (TRPV1) vanilloid receptors are responsible for the perception of heat from some molecules such as capsaicin, and a CMR1 receptor is responsible for the perception of cold from molecules such as menthol, eucalyptol, and icilin.']}, {'Bitter taste evolution': ['The evolution of bitter taste receptors has been one of the most dynamic evolutionary adaptations to arise in multiple species.', 'This phenomenon has been widely studied in the field of evolutionary biology because of its role in the identification of toxins often found on the leaves of inedible plants.', 'A palate more sensitive to these bitter tastes would, theoretically, have an advantage over members of the population less sensitive to these poisonous substances because they would be much less likely to ingest toxic plants.', 'Bitter-taste genes have been found in a variety of species, and the same genes have been well characterized in several common laboratory animals such as primates and mice, as well as in humans.']}, {'Human digestive system': ['The human digestive system consists of the gastrointestinal tract plus the accessory organs of digestion (the tongue, salivary glands, pancreas, liver, and gallbladder).', 'In this system, the process of digestion has many stages, the first of which starts in the mouth.', 'Digestion involves the breakdown of food into smaller and smaller components, until they can be absorbed and assimilated into the body.', 'Chewing, in which food is mixed with saliva begins the process of digestion.', 'This produces a bolus which can be swallowed down the esophagus and into the stomach.', 'Here it is mixed with gastric juice until it passes into the duodenum where it is mixed with a number of enzymes produced by the pancreas.']}], 'retrieved_topics': ['Taste', 'Gustducin', 'Romaine lettuce', 'BitterDB', 'Taste receptor', 'Bitter taste evolution', 'Human digestive system']}, {'speaker': '1_Wizard', 'text': 'Yes that is why it is a common salad green, and is the usual lettuce used in Caesar salad.', 'checked_sentence': {'chosen_Romaine_lettuce_0': 'Romaine is a common salad green, and is the usual lettuce used in Caesar salad.'}, 'checked_passage': {'chosen_topic_0_Romaine_lettuce': 'Romaine lettuce'}, 'candidate_responses': ["Stirling's eponymous debut album was a commercial success in Europe, selling 200,000 copies in Germany, winning a platinum certification; three additional certifications were given by Austria", 'I know that Jack the Bulldog is the mascot for Georgetown University Athletics', 'Is Morgan Creek still producing movies?', "I kind of don't want to give up dairy, but would if it brought better benefits.  What are the health benefits?", "I do whatever is needed, it's up to my supervisors to give me tasks. Sometimes it's taking care of elderly people and sometimes something like cleaning. ", "I loved the tv series. I like how science fiction explores potential consequences of scientific and other innovations . It's called  the literature of ideas. ", 'Hey have you ever been to Baton Rouge?', 'No ! Tell me about how its made?', "It's so cool, I never thought of it that way", 'yea makes sense', 'Oh really? I thought cacao beans came from South America. Im actually from the Philippines but never tried it there', 'Cat is a small, typically furry, carnivorous mammal.', "Me too. I hate waiting in traffic. It's a major trade route with Asia. It has the fourth largest port in North America in terms of container shipping.", "It's amazing how quickly the word caught on internationally. We have numbers here for every grade except Kindergarden.", 'Really? I have never been, is it a interesting place?', 'I have never heard of "rolphing" before. Can you tell me more?', 'I do not know a lot about Hamlet.What else do you know about him?', 'oh really? When did they form?', 'It really is! We are very lucky in Florida to have so much coastline. I wish all states could enjoy it as well. ', 'Have people always been known to own pets?', 'I do not know much about vehicles. I know that a V8 is very powerful. ', 'So Chicago Bears is you favorite football team?', "It's the same general idea as ice hockey, but you can use a ball as well as a puck when playing street hockey. I played it all the time when I was a kid!", "The monogram, you know the two interlocking C's? Well she has been using that logo since 1920. Truly timeless and iconic. ", "I don't like it too much, I prefer Target. Though Sam's Club is much better with their selection.", "That's nice! How did the state evolve?", "I've heard there is such things as fake leather, although I forget the name of it. Do you know what it's called and when it was invented?", "That's my plan!  It does affect any vacation plans since flying is out of the question - boat, car or train are my only options!", 'I think they are all the same length, But I know that the World Championships 100 metres has been doubted since 1983.', "I have! It's too bad I can't go deep sea scuba diving and see all the state sea creatures below the photic zone in the ocean.", 'So what the meaning I make  about  what I read is what it is?', 'Well in 1955, Ray Kroc, a businessman, joined the company as a franchise agent', 'Oh ok. Its always good to get information. I like couponing blogs. ', 'Yes that is why it is a common salad green, and is the usual lettuce used in Caesar salad.', 'I hope you get the opportunity to visit one of the five boroughs and each is a separate county of New York State. You will love it!', "romeo and juliet is actually shakespeare's most popular play and one of the most frequent;y performed", 'Seems like a good few reasons. What else do you know about them?', 'Skunks are mmmals that are categorized in the Mephitidae family.', 'How many record did they sell?', 'Hi I love to draw cartoons.  ', "I've never been to Alaska either! I'd love to visit one day, it looks like a beautiful state.", 'I can imagine - especially as it was first created for race tracks.', 'I have been thinking about getting a poodle', 'Do the victors get anything for winning?', "Well it is one of the simplest means of communicating visual ideas, so it's probably been developed through evolution to some extent.", 'Some pizza chains have special online menus or coupons for ordering online', "Cool!  My aunt was a dealer for a long time.  Ever catch anyone counting cards or anything like that?  I imagine it's pretty tough.", 'No, it was a military tattoo so it has a lot of significance to me.', 'what programs are it most known for?', "I love comic books! I've heard they date back to the 18th century!", "Definitely, and there are mulitple different methods to try if one does not work. It's crazy to think that tobacco smoke has over fifty chemicals that can cause cancer, 50.", 'The biggest one is in Austin TX and attracts over 200k bikers! That sounds like a blast.', 'Yes what other products can be seen in cocoa', 'Yeah, but that goes with the territory of being a customer representative - but I find that most people are great!', 'In 1896 the marathon was one of the original modern olympic events', 'Yes! There is a who culture around it! Surfers tend to wear different types of clothing and muse surfing slang words.', 'I really love using a wading pool and swimming in there. Or diving in a big pool.', "I'm doing work on mturk, Back to the subject of the French Bulldog... Do you know if they are related to the pitbull?", 'no i dont have but i wii like to have one', 'A convertable evolved from a car that an open vehicle without glass side windows that sometimes had removable panels  ', 'I wonder if Aliens exisit', 'thats awesome, well thanks for all the info.', 'I like to bake pecan pie it is east to make with pecans, eggs, butter, and sugar', 'Yes, but they offer scholarships for students in need, as well as generous work-study grants.', 'Combine clinical pathological gambling with internet addiction disorder and you have a real problem.', 'I understand how you might be concerned, mental disorders is a mental or behavioral pattern that causes distress or impairment of personal functioning.', "I might need to see a psychologist.  I'm having a few metnals issues that I can't quite explain.", 'I love pancakes some people like them  often thin and round but I like my a little bigger', 'Part of the reason Kobe is so specialized is because Japan was effectively isolated from the rest of the world from 1635 until 1854; there was no possibility of intromission of foreign genes to the cattle population at the time.', 'Fantastic, what values does the program pass on to viewers', "Right, because most would think beaches consist of water influenced by tides would be creating it.  When that isn't necessarily the case.  When you think of it that way, if you have a pond and a little sandy edge you have a beach!", "I defiantly prefer jogging. I'm a little to big to be sprinting but I'm working on it. I can't imagine all the running a soccer game would require. ", 'Have you been diagnosed with any anxiety disorders besides social anxiety?  I have panic disorder.', 'I used to love watching the Transformers Armada tv show when I was her age. Do you think she would like to watch that with me?', "I don't know many strokes - but I have watched synchronized swimming before - they are not allowed to touch the bottom of the pool.", 'Iguanas are lizards native to central america and the caribbean.', 'It is used to build user interfaces, so it helps us to communicate with each other.', 'I love chocolate! It is a sweet, brown food prepared from cacao seeds.', "I can't even imagine.  It was actually mentioned first in a Latin manuscript from a town in Southern Italy.", "If you don't make it to Quebec, every other place in Canada has chain called Swiss Chalet. It's pretty similar. ", 'Have you ever made meatloaf with something other than meat? Sometimes schnitzel are made from chicken.', "Definitely. I don't know if I could surf like the pros, though. I'd rather surf like natives, on my belly and on my knees.", 'The Miami Heat is an American professional basketball that is in Miami Florida. They need LeBron.', 'Its not that old of a movement then.  What is the average size of a tiny home?', 'The four albums released via Geffen were ceritified platinum in Canada, three of them certified gold in United States.', 'Wow, that seems a bit much. I wonder if the costs are more expensive to divorce in some states, too.', 'I like to  grilling food over an open fire ', 'Oh sorry. Haha I misread. Do you like cocoa beans better than coffee?', 'Hi ,have you ever attended the rock opera is a collection of rock music songs with lyric ? ', "No, it's a Latin Christian hymn.  Not me Lord, is the translation.", 'Hello! Have you heard of the OCD? I think I have it! Web MD tells me so!', "I've always thought about it but the positions that they use seem very technical and difficult.", "Nice, I like blackjack as well because I'm a dealer, I'm still not a master though", 'Ah yes, Thats good advice, Ill be sure to bring my best friends with me, It can be a fun time. Well thanks for the info, Guess ill get a packing. ', "Not closely but it's a very sad situation when someone has complete vision loss. Even when not fully. Today I actually saw someone blind, they had a dog, helping them.", 'I really like David Grohl, the former drummer of Nirvana, and now the front-man for the Foo Fighters.', 'The pros are great. Some of their skills with the knife and the spice are excellent.', 'You mean the leathery armour shell animals?', 'I bet they retire them at a certain age then they need a home huh', 'How big are the boats that create waves big enough to surf?'], 'retrieved_passages': [{'Romaine lettuce': ['Romaine or cos lettuce is a variety of lettuce ("Lactuca sativa" L. var.', '"longifolia") that grows in a tall head of sturdy leaves with firm ribs down their centers.', 'Unlike most lettuces, it is tolerant of heat.', 'In British English, it is commonly known as "cos lettuce", and in North America as "romaine" lettuce.', 'Many dictionaries trace the word "cos" to the name of the Greek island of Cos, from which the lettuce was presumably introduced.', 'Other authorities trace "cos" to the Arabic word for lettuce, "" .', 'It apparently reached the West via Rome, as in Italian it is called "lattuga romana" and in French "", both meaning \'Roman lettuce\', hence the name \'romaine\', the common term in North American English.']}, {'Caesar salad': ['A Caesar salad is a salad of romaine lettuce and croutons dressed with parmesan cheese, lemon juice, olive oil, egg, Worcestershire sauce, garlic, and black pepper.', 'It is traditionally prepared tableside.', "The salad's creation is generally attributed to restaurateur Caesar Cardini, an Italian immigrant who operated restaurants in Mexico and the United States.", 'Cardini was living in San Diego but he was also working in Tijuana where he avoided the restrictions of Prohibition.', "His daughter Rosa (1928–2003) recounted that her father invented the salad when a Fourth of July 1924 rush depleted the kitchen's supplies."]}, {'Chinese chicken salad': ['Chinese chicken salad is a salad with chopped chicken; therein, flavored with and styled by Chinese culinary ingredients and techniques that are both common and popularly adapted in parts of the United States.', 'Though many variations exist, common features of most Chinese chicken salads contain: cut romaine lettuce and cabbage (or other lettuce); chicken (typically breast meat); deep-fried wonton (cut dough skins) or rice vermicelli; and nuts (sliced almonds, cashews or peanuts).', 'A basic vinaigrette for the salad includes ingredients like vegetable oil, sesame oil, rice vinegar (or citrus juice); plus, optional seasonings such as dry hot mustard, sesame seeds, coriander and raw ginger or pickled ginger.']}, {'Salad': ['A salad is a dish consisting of a mixture of small pieces of food, usually predominantly vegetables.', 'They are typically served at room temperature or chilled, with notable exceptions such as south German potato salad which is served warm.', 'Salads may contain virtually any type of ready-to-eat food.', 'Garden salads use a base of leafy greens like lettuce, arugula, kale or spinach; they are common enough that the word "salad" alone often refers specifically to garden salads.', 'Other types include bean salad, tuna salad, fattoush, Greek salad, and Japanese sōmen salad (a noodle-based salad).', 'The sauce used to flavor a salad is commonly called a salad dressing; most salad dressings are based on either a mixture of oil and vinegar or a fermented milk product.']}, {'Lettuce': ['Lettuce ("Lactuca sativa") is an annual plant of the daisy family, Asteraceae.', 'It is most often grown as a leaf vegetable, but sometimes for its stem and seeds.', 'Lettuce is most often used for salads, although it is also seen in other kinds of food, such as soups, sandwiches and wraps; it can also be grilled.', 'One variety, the " (), or asparagus lettuce (celtuce), is grown for its stems, which are eaten either raw or cooked.', 'In addition to its main use as a leafy green, it has also gathered religious and medicinal significance over centuries of human consumption.', 'Europe and North America originally dominated the market for lettuce, but by the late 20th century the consumption of lettuce had spread throughout the world.']}, {'Greek salad': ['Greek salad or Horiatiki salad ( "villages\' salad", "rustic salad" or θερινή σαλάτα "summer salad") is a salad in Greek cuisine.', 'Greek salad is made with pieces of tomatoes, sliced cucumbers, onion, feta cheese (usually served as a slice on top of the other ingredients), and olives (usually Kalamata olives), typically seasoned with salt and oregano, and dressed with olive oil.', 'Common additions include green bell pepper slices or berries of capers (especially in the Dodecanese islands).', "Greek salad is often imagined as a farmer's breakfast or lunch, as its ingredients resemble those that a Greek farmer might have on hand."]}, {'Olivier salad': ['Olivier salad ( "Salat Olivye") is a traditional salad dish in Russian cuisine, which is also popular in old Soviet Union countries (particularly, in Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan), some other European countries, Iran, Israel, Mongolia and also throughout Latin America.', 'In different modern recipes, it is usually made with diced boiled potatoes, carrots, brined dill pickles, green peas, eggs, celeriac, onions, diced boiled chicken (or sometimes ham or bologna sausage), tart apples, with salt, pepper, and mustard added to enhance flavor, dressed with mayonnaise.', 'In many countries, the dish is commonly referred to as Russian salad, although this term can connote vinegret .']}], 'retrieved_topics': ['Romaine lettuce', 'Caesar salad', 'Chinese chicken salad', 'Salad', 'Lettuce', 'Greek salad', 'Olivier salad']}], 'chosen_topic_passage': ['Romaine or cos lettuce is a variety of lettuce ("Lactuca sativa" L. var.', '"longifolia") that grows in a tall head of sturdy leaves with firm ribs down their centers.', 'Unlike most lettuces, it is tolerant of heat.', 'In British English, it is commonly known as "cos lettuce", and in North America as "romaine" lettuce.', 'Many dictionaries trace the word "cos" to the name of the Greek island of Cos, from which the lettuce was presumably introduced.', 'Other authorities trace "cos" to the Arabic word for lettuce, "" .', 'It apparently reached the West via Rome, as in Italian it is called "lattuga romana" and in French "", both meaning \'Roman lettuce\', hence the name \'romaine\', the common term in North American English.', 'In North American supermarkets, romaine is very widely available year-round.', 'The thick ribs, especially on the older outer leaves, should have a milky fluid which gives the romaine the typically fine-bitter herb taste.', 'Romaine is a common salad green, and is the usual lettuce used in Caesar salad.', 'Romaine lettuce is commonly used in Middle Eastern cuisine.', 'Romaine, like other lettuces, may also be cooked, for example braised or made into soup.', 'For 3000 years from at least 2,700\xa0BC Cos lettuce was associated with the Ancient Egyptian god of fertility, Min, for its resemblance to the phallus.']}